[Music]
hi it's agatha welcome or welcome back
to my channel
and for today's video i am going to
share with you
my go-to makeup look so this is the
makeup look that i
always wear whenever i go out and some
errands and all that
i'm also sorry i also want to apologize
for not uploading
last week because because
to film and i am happy and then i grab
all the time to film because it's over
i'm busy it's like a new prelims week
so yeah before i get started please make
sure to like this video
and subscribe to my channel as well so
if you want to see
how i do my everyday slash my go to
makeup look
then keep on watching this stuff is very
simple
i don't apply concealer whatsoever with
a little bare face now
it's also because i don't want to
[Music]
that's the reality
it's okay it's normal okay i'm just
going to do my eyebrows
[Music]
i'm using a pencil or a liner
do draw hair like strokes spray almost
fresh must fluffy thing
[Music]
always do this makeup because
then after that i apply
blush and i am applying color then this
is
collected in the shade ginger the super
conte unique
one pigment
and green
routine
[Music]
is highlighter this is currently my
favorite highlighter this is from
yet and this is the shimmer tint in the
shade yellow diamond
here
so bro
i um actually but i'm also going to
apply bronzer because it warms up the
face
i'm using benefit holder bronzer
now i am also going to apply another
kind of blush this is currently my
favorite as well this is from benedict
the california blush i'm going to apply
it
using a brush
so
this is a quick
which is my favorite by the way
this is from vice cosmetics
take it
i don't know if this is a blush or a
highlighter but i use it
as a highlighter so
using the blush
[Music]
highlight
we're almost done the last step would be
lashes
make
[Music]
so
this is got to be one of my
go-to lip products this is from sunny's
face
this is in the shade juice
so it has a
pigment very soft
and again
if you feel
this is the final look
it was a run fresh long super easy to do
whenever i do this makeup it takes me
like
less than 10 minutes now or less than
five minutes actually
that concludes our video for today like
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions down
below
i'll see you next one